chore(golang): adds intro tutorial for using golang with the hub (#170)
textileio/docs: docs/tutorials/golang/getting-started.md

# Buckets and Threads in Go

> You have access to the full suite of Textile APIs and technologies in Go. Including access to Hub-based persistence, thread client, local thread databases, bucket client, and more. Below, we'll walk you through the basic flow for creating new user identities and giving them access to your resources on the Hub. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have access to the full suite of Textile APIs and technologies in Go. This includes access to Hub-based persistence, thread client, local thread databases, bucket client, and more. Below, we'll walk you through the basic flow for creating new user identities and giving them access to your resources on the Hub. 
```

func createThreadDB(ctx context.Context, name string) error {
  // Assign the name for the Thread
  ctx = common.NewThreadNameContext(ctx, name)
  // Generate our client again
	cli, err := client.NewClient(HUB_API, HUB_HEADERS...)
	if err != nil {
		return err
  }
  // Create the ID
	dbID := thread.NewIDV1(thread.Raw, 32)
  // Create the database
	return cli.NewDB(ctx, dbID)
}
```

## Create a Bucket

Creating buckets in Go applications shares many of the same steps as creating threads. Because buckets are managed in a thread, you must first create a thread where you will then add a bucket. A single thread can store all of your user's buckets (and more).

```go
package main

import (
	"context"
  "time"
	crand "crypto/rand"
	"github.com/textileio/go-threads/core/thread"
	"github.com/textileio/go-threads/common"
	buckets "github.com/textileio/textile/api/buckets/client"
	"google.golang.org/grpc"
)

var HUB_API = "api.textile.io:3447"
var HUB_HEADERS = []grpc.DialOption{grpc.WithInsecure(), grpc.WithPerRPCCredentials(common.Credentials{})}

func createBucket(ctx context.Context, name string) error {
  // Create a new threaddb for our buckets

>   ctx = common.NewThreadNameContext(ctx, "my-buckets")

Reviewer: Note that with the upcoming private buckets PR, some of this stuff will change slightly. But IIRC, there is also a change to how names are used? Not 100% of the consequences there yet though.
